{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs22 What research methods will you be using to address the questions or issues that you have set yourself, or solve the problems you have identified, or to explore the matters you intend to investigate? Why have you chosen these methods? Why are they the best way to answer the research questions or problems you have identified? What will be your role? If there are other people involved, what will their roles be and why are they the appropriate people to be involved?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22 In describing your research methods it is not sufficient to state, for example, that you intend to visit a particular archive, or an exhibition abroad. You must provide adequate details of sources to be consulted, and you should state briefly what kinds of material you will be consulting, why they are relevant to your programme of research, and how you will interrogate them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22 Depending on the approach you are using throughout your research, you may also need to explain clearly the creative and/or performance aspects of the work, explain how you will develop a new process, product or tool, or provide details on who you have consulted or will be involved in the process of research.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22 Under the Research Methods heading you should also outline how any copyright or intellectual property issues relating to the project and the production of any technical outputs will be addressed.}}