{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs22\b0\i0 How will the project be managed? What will be the roles of the members of staff involved (including you and, if applicable, any Co-Investigator(s), any research assistants and/or PhD project students)?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\i0 What is the timetable for the project? Does it include appropriate milestones and is it realistic? When will the outputs of the project be completed? How will you ensure that they meet the needs of your audience? Can the costs be justified? How will you ensure good value for money?  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\i0 The project management section should also include the management of the technical aspects of the projects, if applicable, and should be coordinated with the information in the Technical Plan. It should be clear what the milestones for the completion of this element and the work should incorporated into the timetable for the whole project.  The project management of the technical aspects of the project should include an assessment of risk in relation to the complexity and delivery of the project.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\i0 If a postdoctoral researcher is to be employed, you should state clearly the nature of the work they will be undertaking, and describe clearly the working relationships that are envisaged between all the members of the research team. You should describe fully the arrangements for supervising and managing the research assistant. If the researcher is unknown you should state the skills and qualifications sought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\i0 Similarly, if the project involves a visit to or a secondment from a member of staff from another organisation, you must state clearly what work they will pursue and describe the working relationships envisaged with other members of the team.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\i0 The AHRC is one of the signatories of the RCUK Concordat to Support the Career Development of Researchers.  }}