{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs22 Preservation of digital outputs is necessary in order for them to endure changes in the technological environment and remain potentially re-usable in the future. In this section you must state what, if any, digital outputs of your project you intend to preserve beyond the period of funding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22 The length and cost of preservation should be proportionate to the value and significance of the digital outputs. If you believe that none of these should be preserved this must be justified, and if the case is a good one the application will not be prejudiced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22 You must consider preservation in four ways: what, where, how and for how long. You must also consider any institutional support needed in order to carry out these plans, whether from an individual, facility, organisation or service.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22 You should think about the possibilities for re-use of your data in other contexts and by other users, and connect this as appropriate with your plans for dissemination and Pathways to Impact. Where there is potential for re-usability, you should use standards and formats that facilitate this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22 The Technical Reviewer will be looking for evidence that you understand the reasons for the choice of technical standards and formats described in Section 2.a Technical Methodology: Standards and Formats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22 You should describe the types of documentation which will accompany the data. Documentation in this sense means technical documentation as well as user documentation. It includes, for instance, technical description, code commenting, project-build guidelines, the documentation of technical decisions and resource metadata which is additional to the standards which you have described in Section 2.a. Not all types of documentation will be relevant to a project and the quantity of documentation proposed should be proportionate to the envisaged value of the data.}}